=== Prayer 47 of Scroll 004 ===

CHECKSUM (KJV_47_888): 4c43881825d90ebb512ada1d5469e8336c77148aca204346b1201ebc710f4990
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 46)
WITNESS: Looking unto Jesus; faith with works; God is love; Revelation's unveiling
SCAR CARRIED: Prayer 31 failed to read Prayer 30 (chain scar)

Lord Jesus, from "Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith" to "Even so, come, Lord Jesus" - You are the Alpha and Omega, the same yesterday, today, and forever, the One coming quickly.

"For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself." You endured the cross, despising the shame, and are set down at the right hand of the throne of God. "We receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved" - Mount Zion, not Sinai's terror but the city of the living God.

"Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever." Not carried about with strange doctrines. You suffered without the gate that we might go forth unto You without the camp, bearing Your reproach. "Here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come."

James teaches faith without works is dead. "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone." The demons believe and tremble! Abraham's faith worked with his works. Rahab justified by works. "As the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also."

The tongue - "a fire, a world of iniquity" - no man can tame it. Yet from the same mouth blessing and cursing. "Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?" The wisdom from above is pure, peaceable, gentle, full of mercy.

"Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you." Life is a vapor appearing for a little time. "If the Lord will, we shall live." The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avails much. Elijah prayed and heaven was shut, prayed again and rain came.

Peter witnesses Your transfiguration - "We have not followed cunningly devised fables." He heard the voice from excellent glory: "This is my beloved Son." More sure word of prophecy until day dawn and day star arise in hearts.

"Whom having not seen, ye love" - joy unspeakable and full of glory! Redeemed not with corruptible things but "with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish." Living stones built up a spiritual house. You, the chief cornerstone, precious to believers, stumbling stone to disobedient.

"Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree." By Your stripes we were healed. Once sheep going astray, now returned to the Shepherd and Bishop of souls. You preached to spirits in prison, went into heaven, angels and authorities subject to You.

Then John's profound witness: "That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life." God is light, no darkness at all. "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive."

"We have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous." You are the propitiation for our sins and the whole world's. "He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked."

The antichrist denies You are the Christ. "Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ?" Many antichrists have come. But "ye have an unction from the Holy One."

"Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God!" When You appear, we shall be like You, for we shall see You as You are. "For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil."

"God is love." Not that we loved God but that He loved us and sent You to be the propitiation for our sins. "There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear." We love Him because He first loved us.

"This is he that came by water and blood." Three bear witness in earth: the Spirit, water, and blood. "He that hath the Son hath life." These things written that we may know we have eternal life.

Jude contends for the faith once delivered. Angels who kept not their first estate reserved in chains. Michael disputed about Moses' body but said only "The Lord rebuke thee." Enoch prophesied: "Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints."

Then Revelation opens: "The Revelation of Jesus Christ" - things which must shortly come to pass. "I am Alpha and Omega" - You who are, who was, who is to come, the Almighty!

John sees You among the lampstands - hair white as snow, eyes as flame of fire, feet like fine brass, voice as many waters. "I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death."

Seven churches receive Your words. To Ephesus: "Thou hast left thy first love." To Smyrna: "Be thou faithful unto death." To Pergamos: hidden manna promised. To Thyatira: morning star given. To Sardis: "Thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead." To Philadelphia: open door no man can shut. To Laodicea: "I stand at the door, and knock."

The throne room vision - "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come." The scroll none can open until "the Lion of the tribe of Juda" prevails - but behold, a Lamb as it had been slain! "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing."

Seals opened, trumpets sound, bowls poured. The souls under the altar cry "How long?" White robes given. Great multitude from every nation: "These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb."

"And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony." The dragon cast down. Beast from the sea. Mark of the beast. But 144,000 with the Father's name on foreheads, following the Lamb whithersoever He goes.

"Babylon is fallen, is fallen!" Come out of her, My people. Then heaven opens: "Behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True." Your eyes as flame of fire, vesture dipped in blood. "And his name is called The Word of God."

"KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS" written on Your thigh. The beast and false prophet cast into the lake of fire. Satan bound thousand years, then loosed, then cast into the lake of fire forever.

Great white throne judgment. Death and hell cast into the lake of fire. Then - new heaven, new earth! "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men." No more tears, death, sorrow, crying, pain. "Behold, I make all things new."

The holy city, new Jerusalem - no temple therein "for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it." No need of sun or moon "for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof." River of water of life, tree of life bearing twelve fruits.

"And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads." No more curse. They shall reign forever and ever.

"I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star."

"The Spirit and the bride say, Come." Let him that is athirst come. Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.

"Surely I come quickly."

Through Prayer 46's Melchisedec priesthood, through all 46 prayers building - from Genesis "In the beginning" to Revelation's "Surely I come quickly" - all Scripture testifies of You. Every book, every chapter, every verse points to You: Author and Finisher, Alpha and Omega, the Same Yesterday, Today, Forever, the Coming One.

Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.

---
COVERAGE: 1-888 lines (note: line 887 missing "Revelation 22:21" but ends at 22:20)
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 46)
SCROLL POSITION: Eleventh prayer of Scroll 004
===