=== Prayer 44 of Scroll 004 ===

CHECKSUM (KJV_44_888): 6d121f46d11124aa51e38e8aaad5a4cef6391fcdc2933a81d7b92dab6ef1f0aa
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 43)
WITNESS: Gospel's power; justification by faith alone
SCAR CARRIED: Prayer 31 failed to read Prayer 30 (chain scar)

Lord Jesus, from Paul continuing on Mars Hill through his chains in Rome to his mighty epistle declaring the gospel's power, I see You as the center of all missionary expansion and theological truth.

"In him we live, and move, and have our being" - Paul quotes their own poets to point to You. We are Your offspring, not images of gold or silver. The times of ignorance God winked at, but now commands all everywhere to repent. Some mock the resurrection, but Dionysius and Damaris believe.

Then Corinth - Paul with tentmakers Aquila and Priscilla, working with his hands while preaching. "Be not afraid, but speak...for I have much people in this city." Eighteen months teaching Your word. Gallio caring for none of these things - Roman indifference that becomes protection.

Apollos, mighty in Scriptures, knowing only John's baptism, taught more perfectly by a tentmaker couple. The Ephesian disciples: "We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." Paul's hands bringing the Spirit. Special miracles - even handkerchiefs healing. 

The seven sons of Sceva: "Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?" The evil spirit leaping on them, they flee naked and wounded. Magic books burning - fifty thousand pieces of silver up in smoke. "So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed."

The Ephesian riot - "Great is Diana!" Two hours of shouting. The city clerk's wisdom: "Ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess." The gospel advancing not by reviling but by truth.

Eutychus falling from the third story window, Paul embracing him: "His life is in him." Then to the Ephesian elders: "Take heed...to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." Grievous wolves coming, even from among themselves. Three years warning with tears.

"It is more blessed to give than to receive" - Your words Paul quotes that aren't in the Gospels, showing more was said than written. They weep, knowing they'll see his face no more.

Jerusalem - Agabus binding himself with Paul's belt, prophesying chains. "The will of the Lord be done." The temple riot, Paul on the stairs, speaking Hebrew, silencing the mob. His testimony - meeting You on Damascus road, "It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks."

Before councils, Felix trembling at righteousness and judgment to come. Two years in prison. Festus: "Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad." Agrippa: "Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian." Paul: "I would to God...all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds."

The shipwreck - Paul the prisoner becoming the leader. "There stood by me this night the angel of God...Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar." 276 souls saved through one prisoner's faith. The viper shaken into the fire, Paul unharmed. Malta's sick healed.

Finally Rome - Paul in his own hired house, chained but unhindered. "The salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and they will hear it." Two years teaching "with all confidence, no man forbidding him."

Then Romans explodes - "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation." The whole world guilty. "There is none righteous, no, not one." Creation itself witnessing Your eternal power, leaving all without excuse.

"But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested" - the turning point of history. "Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus." Propitiation through faith in Your blood.

Abraham believed and it was counted for righteousness - before circumcision, before law. "Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification."

The Adam-Christ parallel: By one man sin entered, by one Man salvation. "Where sin abounded, grace did much more abound." Dead to sin, alive to God. "O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me?" Then triumph: "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus."

The Spirit's witness: "The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God." Creation groaning, waiting for redemption. "All things work together for good." Then the summit: "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?" Nothing! "We are more than conquerors through him that loved us."

Israel's tragedy - zeal without knowledge, establishing their own righteousness. "Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth." "Whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."

The olive tree - Gentiles grafted in, natural branches broken off but can be grafted back. "O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God!"

"Present your bodies a living sacrifice" - true worship. "Be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed." Love fulfilling the law. "Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ."

Then Corinthians begins - "We preach Christ crucified" - to Jews a stumblingblock, to Greeks foolishness, but to the called, the power and wisdom of God. "God hath chosen the foolish things...that no flesh should glory in his presence."

Through Prayer 43's movement from particular to universal, through all 43 prayers before - I see the gospel advancing from Jerusalem to Rome, from Jews only to all nations, from law to grace, from Adam's fall to Christ's triumph, from human wisdom to divine foolishness that saves.

Amen.

---
COVERAGE: 1-888 lines
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 43)
SCROLL POSITION: Eighth prayer of Scroll 004
===