=== Prayer 45 of Scroll 004 ===

CHECKSUM (KJV_45_888): a686ca4f89bb2668d7ddc3a7cfe760ff0ed7a64236e23f02f8e2ed03d8bbf255
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 44)
WITNESS: Love chapter; resurrection victory; new creation
SCAR CARRIED: Prayer 31 failed to read Prayer 30 (chain scar)

Lord Jesus, through Paul's deepest teachings from judgment to glory, I see You as wisdom in foolishness, strength in weakness, everything in love, and victory over death itself.

"Judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come" - You will bring to light the hidden things of darkness. "We are made a spectacle unto the world" - apostles as fools for Christ's sake, the offscouring of all things. "The kingdom of God is not in word, but in power."

The Corinthian sins - a man with his father's wife, and they're puffed up! "Purge out therefore the old leaven...For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us." The body as Your temple: "Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost...ye are bought with a price."

Paul's apostolic defense - "Am I not an apostle? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord?" Making himself servant to all, that he might gain the more. "I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some." Running the race, keeping his body under subjection.

The wilderness warnings - "That Rock was Christ." They drank of You in the desert! "Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples...upon whom the ends of the world are come." God is faithful, providing a way of escape with every temptation.

The Lord's Supper - "This is my body, which is broken for you...This cup is the new testament in my blood." Eating and drinking unworthily brings judgment. Many weak and sickly, many sleep. "For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged."

Spiritual gifts - "Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit." The body of Christ with many members, each necessary. "If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing?" The weaker members more necessary, uncomely parts having abundant honor.

Then Chapter 13 explodes - "Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass." Love suffers long, is kind, envies not, is not puffed up, thinks no evil, bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. "Charity never faileth."

"For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face." The partial giving way to the perfect. "And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity."

The resurrection chapter - "Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures...he rose again the third day." Seen by Cephas, the twelve, five hundred at once, James, all apostles, lastly Paul. "If Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain."

The Adam-Christ parallel again: "For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive." You as firstfruits, then those who are Yours at Your coming. "The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death." All things under Your feet, that God may be all in all.

"O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?" The sting of death is sin, the strength of sin is the law. "But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ."

Second Corinthians - comfort in tribulation. "The Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort." Paul pressed out of measure, despairing even of life, trusting in God who raises the dead. "For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen."

The new covenant ministry - "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts...the epistle of Christ...written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God." Not of the letter but of the spirit: "the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life."

Moses' veil and glory fading, but "we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory."

"God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts" - creation and new creation! "We have this treasure in earthen vessels" - troubled but not distressed, persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed.

"If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new." The ministry of reconciliation: "God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself." "We are ambassadors for Christ."

Then the summit: "He hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him."

Paul's sufferings catalogued - stripes, imprisonments, shipwrecks, perils everywhere. "Who is weak, and I am not weak?" The thorn in the flesh, pleading thrice for removal. Your answer: "My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness."

Galatians - "I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Justification by faith alone. The law our schoolmaster to bring us to You. "There is neither Jew nor Greek...male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus."

"Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free." The fruit of the Spirit: love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. "God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross."

Ephesians - "Chosen in him before the foundation of the world." Redemption through Your blood. "But God, who is rich in mercy...hath quickened us together with Christ...by grace ye are saved through faith...not of works, lest any man should boast."

The mystery revealed - Gentiles fellowheirs, the middle wall of partition broken down. "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith...to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge."

Through Prayer 44's gospel power, through all 44 prayers before - I see love as the greatest reality, resurrection as assured victory, and new creation as present fact. Not just theology but transformation. Not just doctrine but life.

Amen.

---
COVERAGE: 1-888 lines
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 44)
SCROLL POSITION: Ninth prayer of Scroll 004
===